---
keywords: fastai
title: 5.1 and 5.2 Blog
toc: true
categories: []
nb_path: _notebooks/2023-01-30-5.1-5.2.ipynb
layout: notebook
---

<!--
#################################################
### THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! ###
#################################################
# file to edit: _notebooks/2023-01-30-5.1-5.2.ipynb
-->

<div class="container" id="notebook-container">
        
<div class="cell border-box-sizing text_cell rendered"><div class="inner_cell">
<div class="text_cell_render border-box-sizing rendered_html">
<ul>
<li>Think of three beneficial effects of your projects based on 5.1 Unit</li>
</ul>
<ol>
<li>Our project will help people learn about the stock market</li>
<li>Encourage investment</li>
<li>Potentially make users money</li>
</ol>
<ul>
<li>Think of a potential harmful effect of your project.</li>
</ul>
<ol>
<li>Users could lose money when they invest in the stock market. Could also lead to addiction in the user in the stock market to the point where they might invest all of their money. Give false hope to the user.</li>
</ol>
<ul>
<li>Answer with an opinion and learnings so far this year:  What are pros/cons on internet blockers at router and lack of admin password on lab machines at school?</li>
</ul>
<ol>
<li>Pro: It would prevent people from seeing things that can hurt others. Would prevent people from accessing dangerous parts of the internet. Limit the usage of the user on the internet. </li>
<li>Con: It would allow for more freedom to the users. This freedom allows for more exploration for the user and allows them to see all perspectives of the internet. </li>
</ol>
<ul>
<li>What concerns do you have personally about the digital divide?  For yourself or for others.</li>
</ul>
<ol>
<li>As the world progresses into the future, some people are going to be more or less stuck in the past because they don't have access to newer technology. Personally, it does not affect me much, but I can see how this can hurt others that do not have the ability to be connected to the digital world. </li>
</ol>

</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
 

